[DOCU-1570] Improve README (#2969)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: README.md

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/ae60f2a4-488e-4771-b24a-c26badc5f45d/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/kongdocs/deploys)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/license/kong/docs.konghq.com)](https://github.com/Kong/docs.konghq.com/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/kong/docs.konghq.com)]()

# KONG's Documentation Website

This repository holds source code for [Kong](https://github.com/Kong/kong)'s documentation website. It's built using [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) and deployed with [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/). 

Here are some things to know before you get started:

* **We're beginner-friendly**. Whether you're a Technical Writer getting into code-as-docs or an engineer practicing your documentation skills, we highly encourage your involvement in our project. If you'd like to contribute and don't have something in mind already, head on over to [Issues](https://github.com/Kong/docs.konghq.com/issues). We've added `good first issue` labels on beginner-friendly issues.

> * **We need more help in some areas**. We'd especially love some help with [plug-in](https://github.com/Kong/docs.konghq.com/tree/main/app/_hub) documentation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **We need more help in some areas**. We'd especially love some help with [plugin](https://github.com/Kong/docs.konghq.com/tree/main/app/_hub) documentation. 
```

> * **Our _Admin API_ docs are auto-generated**. That means that all PRs for ADMIN API should be open over at the [Kong/kong](https://github.com/Kong/kong) repository.

Reviewer: It's a bit more than just the admin API docs. Here's the full list:

**Gateway OSS:**
* Admin API
* Configuration reference: https://docs.konghq.com/gateway-oss/2.4.x/configuration/
* CLI reference: https://docs.konghq.com/gateway-oss/2.4.x/cli/
* PDK reference: https://docs.konghq.com/gateway-oss/2.4.x/pdk/
* Upgrade guide: https://docs.konghq.com/gateway-oss/2.4.x/upgrading/

For gateway OSS, open PRs against Kong/kong.

**Gateway Enterprise:** 
Just the configuration reference (https://docs.konghq.com/enterprise/2.4.x/property-reference/)

For Gateway Enterprise, they should open a docs issue and we'll update the kong-ee repo (not publicly accessible).

* **Community is a priority for us**. Before submitting an issue or PR, please review our [Contributing Guide](https://docs.konghq.com/contributing/).

## Run local project
***

> For anything other than minor changes, clone the repository onto your local machine and build locally. We offer the option to run you project locally with Docker, gulp, and npm. 

Reviewer 2: We offer the option to run your project locally with Docker, gulp, and npm.

## Run locally with Docker
***

### Prerequisites

- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop) (You will not need to run the Docker container via Docker Desktop.)

### Start container

Start the Docker container (this installs dependencies for you and may take a few minutes):
```
make develop
```

If you have issues, run:
```
make clean
```

## Run locally with gulp
***

### Prerequisites

- [gulp](https://gulpjs.com/docs/en/getting-started/quick-start/) installed globally

Install dependencies:
```
make install
```

Run the project:
```
make run
```

If you have issues, run:
```
make clean
```

## Run locally with npm
***

### Prerequisites

- [node and npm](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm)
- [yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com)
- [gulp](https://gulpjs.com/docs/en/getting-started/quick-start/)
- [Bundler](https://bundler.io/) (< 2.0.0)
- [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org) (> 2.6)
- [Python](https://www.python.org) (>= 2.7.X, < 3)

Install dependencies:
```
gem install bundler
npm install
```

Run the project: 
```
npm start
```

> ## Plug-in contributors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Plugin contributors
```

***

> If you have contributed a plug-in, we welcome you to add a Kong badge to your plug-in README.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have contributed a plugin, we welcome you to add a Kong badge to your plugin README.
```

> Use the following where you replace `test` with your plug-in name and `link-to-docs` with a link to the Kong docs for your plug-in. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following, where you replace `test` with your plugin name and `link-to-docs` with a link to the Kong docs for your plugin. 
```

[![](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/kong/docs.konghq.com)]()

# KONG's Documentation Website

This repository holds source code for [Kong](https://github.com/Kong/kong)'s documentation website. It's built using [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) and deployed with [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/). 

Here are some things to know before you get started:

* **We're beginner-friendly**. Whether you're a Technical Writer getting into code-as-docs or an engineer practicing your documentation skills, we highly encourage your involvement in our project. If you'd like to contribute and don't have something in mind already, head on over to [Issues](https://github.com/Kong/docs.konghq.com/issues). We've added `good first issue` labels on beginner-friendly issues.

* **We need more help in some areas**. We'd especially love some help with [plugin](https://github.com/Kong/docs.konghq.com/tree/main/app/_hub) documentation. 

* **Some of our docs are auto-generated**. 
    * [Admin API](https://docs.konghq.com/gateway-oss/)
    * [Configuration reference](https://docs.konghq.com/gateway-oss/latest/configuration/)
    * [CLI reference](https://docs.konghq.com/gateway-oss/latest/cli/)

>     * [Upgrade guide](https://docs.konghq.com/gateway-osslatest/upgrading/) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * [Upgrade guide](https://docs.konghq.com/gateway-oss/latest/upgrading/) 
```

> All PRs for Admin API should be open over at the [Kong/kong](https://github.com/Kong/kong) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All PRs for these docs should be opened over at the [Kong/kong](https://github.com/Kong/kong) repository.
```
(since there's more than just the Admin API)
